Madam congratulations
The surgery went well
Your illness should be cured
After a period of rest and recuperation, you can be like a normal person
Yeah, that's pretty good.
Unexpectedly, a small southern city
It is my blessed land
You did well too
The Chen family is ready to give you a burden
Thank you ma'am
I will definitely work hard.
That's right.
What happened to the woman named Liu Yunye?
Don't worry ma'am
All cleaned up
Guaranteed that there will be no trouble.
That's good, my Chen family donates several hundred million a year
I don't want outsiders to speak ill of our Chen family
The Chen family is very concerned about reputation
madam
That woman has no chance of leaving the hospital
No one will know about him
Madam, help me
Madam save me
People are so focused on reputation
I know you killed innocent people in Nancheng
Do evil?